:bug: Complete CSS-build was included in `components.css` bundle (#3427)
navikt/Designsystemet: .changeset/thick-tools-behave.md

---
"@navikt/ds-css": patch
---

> CSS: Resolved regressions where them complete stylesheet was included in scoped 'components.css' file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
CSS: Resolved regression where the complete stylesheet was included in scoped 'components.css' file.
```
